

--- Page 1 ---
T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s 
Gen 2  
User Guide



--- Page 2 ---
Read this first
Before using this documentation and the product it supports, ensure that you read and understand the 
following: 
• Safety and Warranty Guide
• Setup Guide
• Generic Safety and Compliance Notices
Seventh Edition (September 2022)
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022. 
LIMITED AND RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE: If data or software is delivered pursuant to a General Services 
Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set forth in Contract No. GS- 
35F-05925.


--- Page 3 ---
Contents
Discover your Lenovo notebook . . . . . iii
Chapter 1.  Meet your computer . . . . . 1
Front view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Side view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
Bottom view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Rear view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
USB specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Chapter 2.  Get started with your  
computer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Access networks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Connect to Wi-Fi networks . . . . . . . . . . 9
Connect to the wired Ethernet (for selected  
models) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Connect to a cellular network (for selected  
models) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Turn on the Airplane mode . . . . . . . . . 10
Interact with your computer . . . . . . . . . . 10
Use the keyboard shortcuts . . . . . . . . 10
Use the TrackPoint pointing device . . . . . 12
Use the trackpad . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Use the touch screen (for selected models) . . 14
Connect to an external display . . . . . . . 16
Chapter 3.  Explore your computer . . 19
Lenovo apps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Smart features (for selected models) . . . . . . . 19
Color calibration (for selected models) . . . . . . 22
Intelligent cooling . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Manage power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Check the battery status . . . . . . . . . 23
Charge the computer . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Change the power settings . . . . . . . . 25
Transfer data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Set up a Bluetooth connection . . . . . . . 25
Set up an NFC connection (for selected  
models) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Use a microSD card or smart card (for 
selected models) . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Use the RFID feature (for selected Intel  
models) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Accessories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Purchase accessories . . . . . . . . . . 27
Docking station . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Chapter 4.  Secure your computer 
and information . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Lock the computer . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Log in with your fingerprint (for selected models) . . 33
Log in with your face ID (for selected models) . . . 33
Protect your privacy (for selected models) . . . . 34
Protect data against power loss (for selected  
models) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
UEFI BIOS passwords . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Password types . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Set, change, and remove a password . . . . 36
Associate your fingerprints with passwords 
(for selected models) . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Chapter 5.  Configure advanced  
settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
UEFI BIOS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Enter the UEFI BIOS menu . . . . . . . . . 39
Navigate in the UEFI BIOS interface . . . . . 39
Set the system date and time . . . . . . . . 39
Change the startup sequence . . . . . . . 39
Update UEFI BIOS . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Install a Windows operating system and drivers . . 40
Chapter 6.  CRU replacement . . . . . 43
CRU list . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery . . . . 43
Replace a CRU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s 
Gen 2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s 
Gen 2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
Memory module (for selected models) . . . . 48
M.2 solid-state drive . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Wireless WAN card (for selected models) . . . 51
Speaker assembly . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board 
and bracket . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Keyboard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Chapter 7.  Help and support . . . . . 61
Frequently asked questions . . . . . . . . . . 61
Error messages . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Beep errors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63
Self-help resources . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Windows label . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Call Lenovo . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Before you contact Lenovo . . . . . . . . 65
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 i


--- Page 4 ---
Lenovo Customer Support Center . . . . . . 67
Purchase additional services . . . . . . . . . . 67
Appendix A.  Compliance  
information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Appendix B.  Notices and  
trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73
ii T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 5 ---
Discover your Lenovo notebook
Thank you for choosing a Lenovo
® 
notebook! We are dedicated to delivering the best solution to you.
Before starting your tour, please read the following information: 
• Illustrations in this documentation might look different from your product.
• Depending on the model, some optional accessories, features, software programs, and user interface 
instructions might not be applicable to your computer.
• Documentation content is subject to change without notice. To get the latest documentation, go to https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com .
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 iii


--- Page 6 ---
iv T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 7 ---
Chapter 1. Meet your computer
ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 and ThinkPad P14s Gen 2 might be shipped with different microprocessors, namely 
Intel
® 
and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). ThinkPad T15 Gen 2 and ThinkPad P15s Gen 2 are shipped with 
Intel microprocessors. Hereby Intel models and AMD models are used to distinguish computer models with 
different microprocessors.
Front view
T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2
Item Description Item Description
Microphone*
 Infrared (IR) camera* / Camera*
Webcam privacy shutter*
Touch screen*
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 1


--- Page 8 ---
Item Description Item Description
Power button
TrackPoint
® 
pointing stick
RFID label
1
Fingerprint reader*
Trackpad
 Near field communication (NFC) label*
TrackPoint buttons
 Speaker
* for selected models
1 
for selected Intel models
T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2
2 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 9 ---
Item Description Item Description
Microphone*
IR camera* / Camera*
Webcam privacy shutter*
Touch screen*
Power button
TrackPoint pointing stick
Fingerprint reader*
 Trackpad
NFC label*
 TrackPoint buttons
Speaker
* for selected models
Webcam privacy shutter
Slide the webcam privacy shutter to cover or uncover the camera lens. It is designed to protect your privacy.
Power button
Press to turn on the computer or put the computer to sleep mode.
To turn off the computer, open the Start menu, click 
 Power, and then select Shut down.
The indicator in the power button shows the system status of your computer. 
• Blinking for three times: The computer is initially connected to power.
• On: The computer is on.
• Off: The computer is off or in hibernation mode.
• Blinking rapidly (for Intel models): The computer is entering sleep or hibernation mode.
• Blinking rapidly (for AMD models): The computer is entering hibernation mode.
• Blinking slowly: The computer is in sleep mode.
Related topics
• “Log in with your face ID (for selected models)” on page 33
• “Smart features (for selected models)” on page 19
• “Use the touch screen (for selected models)” on page 14
• “Use the TrackPoint pointing device” on page 12
• “Use the RFID feature (for selected Intel models)” on page 27
• “Log in with your fingerprint (for selected models)” on page 33
• “Use the trackpad” on page 13
• “Set up an NFC connection (for selected models)” on page 25
Chapter 1 . Meet your computer 3


--- Page 10 ---
Side view
Intel models
Item Description Item Description
USB-C
® 
(Thunderbolt™ 4) power 
connector
USB-C (Thunderbolt 4) connector
Ethernet extension connector Gen 2*
 USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
HDMI™ connector
 Audio connector
microSD-card slot
 Smart-card slot*
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
 Ethernet connector*
Security-lock slot
* for selected models
Ethernet extension connector Gen 2* 
• If your computer comes with this connector, it supports ThinkPad Basic/Pro/Ultra Docking station.
• If your computer does not come with this connector, we do not recommend you to connect the ThinkPad 
Basic/Pro/Ultra Docking Stations to your computer.
4 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 11 ---
• If your computer comes with a cap on this connector, we do not recommend you to connect the ThinkPad 
Basic/Pro/Ultra Docking Stations to your computer.
AMD models
Item Description Item Description
USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) power connector
 USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) connector
USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
 HDMI connector
Audio connector
 microSD-card slot
Smart-card slot*
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
Ethernet connector
 Security-lock slot
* for selected models
Related topics
• “USB specifications” on page 7
• “Charge the computer” on page 23
• “Connect to an external display” on page 16
• “Use a microSD card or smart card (for selected models)” on page 26
• “Connect to the wired Ethernet (for selected models)” on page 9
• “Lock the computer” on page 33
Chapter 1 . Meet your computer 5


--- Page 12 ---
Bottom view
T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2
T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2
Item Description Item Description
Emergency-reset hole
 Keyboard drainage hole
Emergency-reset hole
If the computer stops responding and you cannot turn it off by pressing the power button, reset your 
computer: 
1. Disconnect your computer from ac power.
2. Insert a straightened paper clip into the hole to cut off power supply temporarily.
3. Connect your computer to ac power and then turn on your computer.
6 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 13 ---
Keyboard drainage hole
Drain out liquid from your computer if you accidentally spill liquid on the keyboard.
CAUTION: 
When the computer is operating, it should be placed on a hard and flat surface with its bottom area 
not in contact with user’s bare skin. Under normal operating conditions, the temperature of the 
bottom surface will remain within an acceptable range as defined in IEC 62368-1, but such 
temperatures can still be high enough to cause discomfort or harm to the user if directly touched for 
over one minute at a time. As such, it is recommended that users avoid prolonged direct contact with 
the bottom of the computer.
Rear view
Nano-SIM-card tray*
* for selected models
Related topic
“Connect to a cellular network (for selected models)” on page 9
Specifications
For detailed specifications of your computer, go to https://psref.lenovo.com .
USB specifications
Note: Depending on the model, some USB connectors might not be available on your computer.
Chapter 1 . Meet your computer 7


--- Page 14 ---
Connector name Description
USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
Connect USB-compatible devices, such as a USB keyboard, USB 
mouse, USB storage device, or USB printer.
• USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) connector
• 
 USB-C (Thunderbolt 4) connector
• Charge USB-C compatible devices with the output voltage and 
current of 5 V and 1.5 A.
• Connect to an external display: 
– Intel models: 
– USB-C to VGA: up to 1920 x 1200 pixels, 60 Hz
– USB-C to DP: up to 5120 x 3200 pixels, 60 Hz
– AMD models: 
– USB-C to VGA: up to 1920 x 1200 pixels, 60 Hz
– USB-C to DP: up to 5120 x 2880 pixels, 60 Hz
• Connect to USB-C accessories to help expand your computer 
functionality. To purchase USB-C accessories, go to https:// 
www.lenovo.com/accessories .
Statement on USB transfer rate
Depending on many factors such as the processing capability of the host and peripheral devices, file 
attributes, and other factors related to system configuration and operating environments, the actual transfer 
rate using the various USB connectors on this device will vary and will be slower than the data rate listed 
below for each corresponding device.
USB device Data rate (Gbit/s)
3.2 Gen 1 / 3.1 Gen 1 5
3.2 Gen 2 / 3.1 Gen 2 10
3.2 Gen 2 × 2 20
Thunderbolt 3 40
Thunderbolt 4 40
8 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 15 ---
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer
Access networks
This section helps you connect to a wireless or wired network.
Connect to Wi-Fi networks
Click the network icon in the Windows
® 
notification area, and then select a network for connection. Provide 
required information, if needed. 
Connect to the wired Ethernet (for selected models)
Connect your computer to a local network through the Ethernet connector on your computer with an 
Ethernet cable.
Connect to a cellular network (for selected models)
If your computer has a wireless wide area network (WAN) card and a nano-SIM card installed, you can 
connect to a cellular data network and get online everywhere.
Note: The cellular service is provided by authorized mobile service carriers in some countries or regions. 
You must have a cellular plan from a service carrier to connect to the cellular network.
To establish a cellular connection:  
1. Turn off the computer.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 9


--- Page 16 ---
2. Insert a straightened paper clip into the hole in the tray 1 . The tray ejects. Then, slide the tray out of the 
computer. Install a nano-SIM card into the tray 2 with the metal contacts facing downward. Insert the 
tray into the nano-SIM-card slot until you hear a click 3 . 
3. Turn on the computer.
4. Click the network icon in the Windows notification area, and then select the cellular network icon 
 from 
the list.
5. Provide required information if needed.
Turn on the Airplane mode
When the Airplane mode is enabled, all wireless features are disabled. 
1. Type Airpl ane mode in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
2. Turn on the Airplane mode.
Interact with your computer
Your computer provides you various ways to navigate the screen.
Use the keyboard shortcuts
The special keys on the keyboard help you work more effectively.
Key / Key combination Function
+ 
Invoke the special function printed as an icon on each key or standard function of 
F1–F12 function keys.
FnLock indicator on: standard function
FnLock indicator off: special function
Enable / disable speakers
Decrease volume
Increase volume
Enable / disable microphones
Darken display
Brighten display
10 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 17 ---
Key / Key combination Function
Manage external displays
Enable / disable wireless
Open / collapse notification center
Answer incoming calls on Microsoft Teams
®
Decline incoming calls on Microsoft Teams
Open the Vantage app. You can customize the function of this key on the Vantage 
app.
+ 
Open calculator (for T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2 only)
+ 
Enter sleep mode (for T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2 only)
+ 
Open Snipping Tool
+ 
Toggle keyboard backlight
+ 
Break operation
+ 
Pause operation
+ 
Scroll contents
+ 
Send system request
+ 
Enter sleep mode
To wake up the computer, press Fn or the power button.
+ 
If your computer comes with an ePrivacy screen, press Fn+D to enable or disable 
the privacy protection function. For more information, see “Protect your privacy 
(for selected models)” on page 34 .
+ 
Go to beginning
+ 
Go to end
Chapter 2 . Get started with your computer 11


--- Page 18 ---
Use the TrackPoint pointing device
The TrackPoint pointing device enables you to perform all the functions of a traditional mouse, such as 
pointing, clicking, and scrolling.
Use the TrackPoint pointing device
TrackPoint pointing stick
Use your finger to apply pressure to the pointing-stick nonslip cap in any direction parallel to the keyboard. 
The pointer on the screen moves accordingly. The higher the pressure applied, the faster the pointer moves.
TrackPoint buttons
The left-click button and right-click button correspond to the left and right buttons on a traditional mouse. 
Press and hold the dotted middle button while using your finger to applying pressure to the pointing stick in 
the vertical or horizontal direction. Then, you can scroll through the document, Web site, or apps.
Disable the TrackPoint pointing device
The TrackPoint pointing device is active by default. To disable the device: 
1. Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Devices ➙ Mouse.
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to disable TrackPoint.
12 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 19 ---
Replace the pointing-stick nonslip cap
Note: Ensure that the new cap has grooves a .
Use the trackpad
You can use the trackpad to perform all the pointing, clicking, and scrolling functions of a traditional mouse.
Use the trackpad
Item Description Item Description
Left-click zone
Right-click zone
Chapter 2 . Get started with your computer 13


--- Page 20 ---
Use the touch gestures
Illustration and description Illustration and description
Tap once to select or open an item.
 Tap twice quickly to display a shortcut menu.
Two-finger zoom in or zoom out.
 Scroll through items.
Open the task view to see all open windows.
 Show the desktop.
Notes: 
• When using two or more fingers, ensure that you position your fingers slightly apart.
• Some gestures are not available if the last action was done from the TrackPoint pointing device.
• Some gestures are only available when you are using certain apps.
• If the trackpad surface is stained with oil, turn off the computer first. Then, gently wipe the trackpad 
surface with a soft and lint-free cloth moistened with lukewarm water or computer cleaner.
For more gestures, see the help information of the pointing device.
Disable the trackpad
The trackpad is active by default. To disable the device: 
1. Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Devices ➙ Touchpad.
2. In the Touchpad section, turn off the Touchpad control.
Use the touch screen (for selected models)
If your computer display supports the multi-touch function, you can navigate the screen with simple touch 
gestures.
14 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 21 ---
Note: Some gestures might not be available when you are using certain apps.
Illustration and description Illustration and description
Tap once to single click Tap twice quickly to double-click
Tap and hold to right-click Slide to scroll through items
Zoom out Zoom in
Swipe from the left: view all open windows Swipe from the right: open action center
Swipe downwards shortly: show title bar
Swipe downwards: close the current app
Drag
Chapter 2 . Get started with your computer 15


--- Page 22 ---
Maintenance tips:
• Turn off the computer before cleaning the touch screen.
• Use a dry, soft, and lint-free cloth or a piece of absorbent cotton to remove fingerprints or dust from the 
touch screen. Do not apply solvents to the cloth.
• The touch screen is a glass panel covered with a plastic film. Do not apply pressure or place any metallic 
object on the screen, which might damage the touch panel or cause it to malfunction.
• Do not use fingernails, gloved fingers, or inanimate objects for input on the screen.
• Regularly calibrate the accuracy of the finger input to avoid a discrepancy.
Connect to an external display
Connect your computer to a projector or a monitor to give presentations or expand your workspace.
Connect to a wired display
If your computer cannot detect the external display, right-click a blank area on the desktop and select 
display settings. Then follow the on-screen instructions to detect the external display.
The following table lists the supported maximum resolution of the external display. 
Connect the external display to Supported resolution
the USB-C (Thunderbolt 4) connector (for Intel models) Up to 5120 x 3200 pixels / 60 Hz
the USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) connector (for AMD models) Up to 5120 x 2880 pixels / 60 Hz
the HDMI connector Up to 3840 x 2160 pixels / 60 Hz
Notes: 
• For Intel models, the HDMI connector supports the HDMI 2.0 or earlier standards. Connect to a 
compatible digital audio device or video monitor, such as an HDTV.
• For AMD models, the HDMI connector supports the HDMI 2.0 standard by default. If you connect an 
external display to your computer through the HDMI connector with an HDMI 1.4 cable, the external 
display might not work. In this case, do one of the following: 
– Use a qualified HDMI 2.0 cable instead of an HDMI 1.4 cable.
– Change the HDMI standard of the HDMI connector from 2.0 to 1.4. To change the HDMI standard, 
enter the UEFI BIOS menu (see “Enter the UEFI BIOS menu” on page 39 ), and then configure HDMI 
Mode Select in the Config menu.
16 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 23 ---
Connect to a wireless display
To use a wireless display, ensure that both your computer and the external display support the Miracast
® 
feature.
Press 
 + 
 and then select a wireless display to connect with.
Set the display mode
Press 
 or 
 and then select a display mode of your preference.
Change display settings
1. Right-click a blank area on the desktop and select display settings.
2. Select the display that you want to configure and change display settings of your preference.
You can change the settings for both the computer display and the external display. For example, you can 
define which one is the main display and which one is the secondary display. You also can change the 
resolution and orientation.
Chapter 2 . Get started with your computer 17


--- Page 24 ---
18 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 25 ---
Chapter 3. Explore your computer
Lenovo apps
This section provides introduction to the Vantage and Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device apps.
The Vantage app
The preinstalled Vantage app is a customized one-stop solution to help you maintain your computer with 
automated updates and fixes, configure hardware settings, and get personalized support.
To access the Vantage app, type Van t age in the Windows search box.
Key features 
The Vantage app enables you to:
• Know the device status easily and customize device settings.
• Download and install UEFI BIOS, firmware, and driver updates to keep your computer up-to-date.
• Monitor your computer health, and secure your computer against outside threats.
• Scan your computer hardware and diagnose hardware problems.
• Look up warranty status (online).
• Access User Guide and helpful articles.
Notes: 
• The available features vary depending on the computer model.
• The Vantage app makes periodic updates of the features to keep improving your experience with your 
computer. The description of features might be different from that on your actual user interface.
Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device
Depending on the model, your computer might support the Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device feature. 
The preinstalled Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device enables you to temporarily disable the keyboard, 
screen, trackpad, and TrackPoint pointing device for cleaning.
To access Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device, do one of the following: 
• Type Lenov o Quick Cl e an / Cl e an Y our Device in the Windows search box.
• Press Fn and the right Shift key at the same time. 
To download the latest version of Lenovo Quick Clean / Clean Your Device, go to https://pcsupport.lenovo. 
com .
Smart features (for selected models)
Your computer might be preinstalled with Glance by Mirametrix
®
. Glance can capture your head movement 
through camera and makes your computer smarter and more efficient.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 19


--- Page 26 ---
Access Glance by Mirametrix
Type Gl anc e in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
Note: If Glance is uninstalled, you can request it through https://support.lenovo.com/contactus .
Explore key features
Depending on the model, some features might not be available on your computer. 
• Protect privacy 
– Presence Detection: Keep your computer awake when in use and automatically lock the computer 
when your head moves out of the camera range. 
– Privacy Alert: When a shoulder surfer is detected, an alert icon appears on your computer screen. 
– Privacy Guard: When a shoulder surfer is detected, your screen is blurred. Press Alt+F2 to cancel the 
blur effect. 
– Smart Display: Blur screens you are not looking at. If you are not facing any screen, all screens are 
blurred. Press Alt+F2 to cancel the blur effect. 
20 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 27 ---
Note: If your computer comes with an ePrivacy screen, it can work with Glance to achieve better privacy 
protection. For details, go to https://support.lenovo.com/us/en/videos/vid500144 .
• Improve productivity 
– Snap Window: When you select a window on one screen and turn your face to another, the window 
automatically snaps to the top center of the screen you are facing. 
– Smart Pointer: Relocate the pointer to the screen you are facing. When the pointer moves from one 
screen to another, it is temporarily drawn large. 
Note: Snap Window and Smart Pointer only work when your computer is connected to external displays. 
Ensure that external displays are placed at the same height of your computer.
• Promote digital wellness 
– Posture check: Remind you to adjust your posture once you hunch toward the screen.
– 20/20/20 Alert: Remind you to look away from the screen and relax your eyes for 20 seconds every 20 
minutes. 
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 21


--- Page 28 ---
Color calibration (for selected models)
The factory color calibration feature is available on computer models preinstalled with the X-Rite Color 
Assistant program. This feature enables you to render color images or graphics on your display close to the 
original intent as much as possible.
For computer with the factory color calibration feature, the color profiles are preinstalled. You can switch 
between color profiles as desired: 
1. Click the triangular icon in the Windows notification area to show hidden icons. Then, right-click 
 .
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to select a profile as desired.
Lenovo provides backup color profiles in Lenovo Cloud. You might need to restore or install color profiles in 
the following situations: 
• If any color profile is lost or damaged, a window will be displayed to remind you to restore the color 
profiles. Click Yes in the window prompted, and the color profiles will be restored from Lenovo Cloud 
automatically.
• If your display has been replaced by a Lenovo-authorized service provider, do the following to install new 
color profiles: 
1. Connect your computer to the network and close the X-Rite Color Assistant program.
2. Go to C:\Program f il es (x86)\X-Rit e Col or Ass is t ant and locate the 
ProfileUpdaterForDisplayReplacement.exe file.
3. Double-click the EXE file. Then, follow the on-screen instructions to input the display serial number 
and click Submit.
Note: When the new color profiles are installed successfully, a window will be displayed.
Intelligent cooling
The Intelligent Cooling feature helps you adjust fan speed, computer temperature and performance. This 
feature works in auto mode by default. Press Fn+T to switch between manual mode and auto mode.
22 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 29 ---
Manual mode
• 
 Quiet mode: the least fan noise
• 
 Balanced mode: balanced performance and fan noise
• 
 Performance mode: the highest performance and normal fan noise
on ac power
on battery power
Do the following to select the preferred mode: 
1. Click the battery status icon in the Windows notification area.
2. Move the slider to the left or right to select your preferred mode.
Auto mode (for Intel models only)
• 
 Auto battery mode: Switch between quiet mode and battery mode automatically based on the amount 
of system activity. 
• 
 Auto performance mode: Switch among quiet mode, balanced mode and performance mode 
automatically based on the amount of system activity.
Manage power
Use the information in this section to achieve the best balance between performance and power efficiency.
Check the battery status
Go to Settings ➙ System to check the battery status. For more details about your battery, refer to the 
Vantage app.
Charge the computer
Use ac power
Power source of the ac power adapter: 
• Power: 45 W or 65 W (depending on the model)
• Sine-wave input at 50 Hz to 60 Hz
• Input rating of the ac power adapter: 100 V to 240 V ac, 50 Hz to 60 Hz
• Output rating of the ac power adapter: 20 V dc, 2.25 A or 20 V dc, 3.25 A
When the battery power is low, charge your battery by connecting your computer to ac power with the 
supplied power adapter. The 65 W ac power adapter supports the rapid charge function, the battery is 80% 
charged in about one hour when the computer is turned off. The actual charging time depends on the battery 
size, the physical environment, and whether you are using the computer. 
Note: Some models may not ship with ac adapters or power cords. Use only the certified adapters and 
power cords provided by Lenovo that comply with the requirements of relevant national standards to charge 
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 23


--- Page 30 ---
the product. It is recommended to use the Lenovo qualified adapters. You can refer to https:// 
www.lenovo.com/us/en/compliance/eu-doc .
Notes: To maximize the life of the battery:  
• Use the battery until the charge is depleted and recharge the battery completely before using it. Once the 
battery is fully charged, it must discharge to 94% or lower before it will be allowed to recharge again.
• The battery may optimize its full charge capacity based on your usage. After prolonged periods of limited 
use, full battery capacity may not be available until you discharge to as low as 20% and recharge 
completely. For more information, refer to the power section of the Vantage app.
• Lenovo provides you with an estimate of how much battery life you might expect from your computer 
based on the battery life test under specific benchmark. The actual amount of battery life varies 
significantly depending on your computer settings, usage, configuration and other factors. To maximize 
the battery life, you can lower the display brightness of the computer display or turn off wireless feature 
when not in use.
Use P-to-P 2.0 (Peer to Peer 2.0) charging function
Both USB-C connectors on the computer feature the Lenovo-unique P-to-P 2.0 charging function. To use 
the function, ensure that Always On USB and Charge in Battery Mode are enabled in UEFI BIOS of your 
computers, so that the function works even when the computers are off or in hibernation mode.
To enable Always On USB and Charge in Battery Mode: 
1. Press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2. Click Config ➙ USB, and then to enable Always On USB and Charge in Battery Mode.
• When no ac power is available: 
Note: The remaining battery power of computer A should be at least 30% and be 3% higher than that of 
computer B.
• When ac power is available: 
24 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 31 ---
Note: The actual charging speed of your computer depends on many factors, such as the remaining battery 
power of the computers, the wattage of the ac power adapter, and whether you are using the computers.
Change the power settings
For ENERGY STAR
® 
compliant computers, the following power plan takes effect when your computer has 
been idle for a specified duration: 
• Turn off the display: After 10 minutes
• Put the computer to sleep: After 10 minutes
To reset the power plan: 
1. Right-click the battery status icon and select Power Options.
2. Choose or customize a power plan of your preference.
To reset the power button function: 
1. Right-click the battery status icon and select Power Options ➙ Choose what the power buttons do.
2. Change the settings as you prefer.
Transfer data
Quickly share your files using the built-in Bluetooth or NFC technology among devices with the same 
features. You also can insert a microSD card or smart card to transfer data.
Set up a Bluetooth connection
You can connect all types of Bluetooth-enabled devices to your computer, such as a keyboard, a mouse, a 
smartphone, or speakers. To ensure successful connection, place the devices at most 10 meters (33 feet) 
from the computer.
1. Type Blue t oo th in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
2. Turn on Bluetooth, if it is off.
3. Select a Bluetooth device, and then follow the on-screen instructions.
Set up an NFC connection (for selected models)
If your computer supports NFC, you will see an NFC mark or label 
 around the trackpad area.
To turn on NFC: 
1. Type Airpl ane mode in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
2. Ensure that the Airplane mode is off and turn on the NFC function.
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 25


--- Page 32 ---
By using NFC, you can simply tap and connect your computer and another NFC-enabled device over a few 
centimeters or inches. To pair with an NFC card or smartphone: 
Note: Ensure that the NFC card is in NFC Data Exchange Format (NDEF), otherwise the card cannot be 
detected.
Use a microSD card or smart card (for selected models)
If your computer has a microSD-card or smart-card slot, read the following information.
Supported microSD card
Note: Your computer does not support the content protection for recordable media (CPRM) feature for the 
microSD card.
• Secure Digital (SD) card
• Secure Digital eXtended-Capacity (SDXC) UHS-1 card
• Secure Digital High-Capacity (SDHC) UHS-1 card
Supported smart card
Supported smart card specifications: 85.60 mm (3.37 inches) x 53.98 mm (2.13 inches) 
Attention: Smart cards with slits are not supported. Do not insert such a smart card into the smart-card 
reader of your computer. Otherwise the reader might get damaged. 
Install the card
1. Locate the card slot.
2. Insert the card firmly into the card slot until it is secured in place. 
Notes: 
• For the microSD card, ensure that the metal contacts are facing down and pointing toward the card 
slot.
26 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 33 ---
• For the smart card, ensure that the metal contacts are facing upward and pointing toward the card 
slot.
Remove the card
Attention: Before removing the card: 
1. Click the triangular icon in the Windows notification area to show hidden icons. Right-click the icon 
prompting you to safely remove hardware and eject media.
2. Select the corresponding item to eject the card from the Windows operating system.
3. Press the card and remove it from your computer. Store the card safely for future use.
Use the RFID feature (for selected Intel models)
Depending on the model, your computer might come with an integrated Radio Frequency Identification 
(RFID) reader. With the RFID technology, you can log in to an RFID-enabled system using a granted RFID 
object, such as an ID badge.
To log in to the system, place your identification card above the area a . 
Accessories
This section provides instructions on how to use hardware accessories to expand your computer 
functionalities.
Purchase accessories
Lenovo has a number of hardware accessories and upgrades to help expand the functionalities of your 
computer. Options include memory modules, storage devices, network cards, port replicators or docking 
stations, batteries, power adapters, keyboards, mice, and more.
To shop at Lenovo, go to https://www.lenovo.com/accessories .
Docking station
You can use the following docking stations to extend the capacity of your computer:  
• ThinkPad Basic Docking Station
• ThinkPad Pro Docking Station
• ThinkPad Ultra Docking Station
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 27


--- Page 34 ---
Note:
• If your computer comes with the Ethernet extension connector Gen 2 a , it supports ThinkPad Basic/Pro/ 
Ultra Docking station.
• If your computer does not come with this connector a , we do not recommend you to connect the 
ThinkPad Basic/Pro/Ultra Docking Stations to your computer.
• If your computer comes with a cap on this connector a , we do not recommend you to connect the 
ThinkPad Basic/Pro/Ultra Docking Stations to your computer.
Side connectors of docking stations
Figure 1. ThinkPad Basic Docking Station
Figure 2. ThinkPad Pro Docking Station
Figure 3. ThinkPad Ultra Docking Station
Item and description Item and description
1. Audio connector 2. ac power connector
3. DisplayPort
® 
connector 4. VGA connector
5. USB-A 2.0 connector 6. Always on USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 connector
7. USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 connector 8. Ethernet connector
28 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 35 ---
Item and description Item and description
9. Security-lock slot 10. USB-C connector
11. HDMI connector 12. Always on USB-A 3.2 Gen 2 connector
13. USB-A 3.2 Gen 2 connector
Attach a docking station
Notes: 
• ThinkPad Basic Docking Station does not ship with a system lock installed. If you do not purchase and 
install a system lock, skip step 3 and step 6 in the following instruction.
• If you do not connect the docking station to ac power, the computer attached runs on battery power.
1. Connect the docking station to ac power.
2. Disconnect the cables and devices from the left side of the computer.
3. Turn the system lock key to the unlocked position (
 ). 
4. Align the top-left corner of the computer with the guide post of the docking station. Attach your 
computer to the docking station as shown 1 until you hear a click. Slide the latch in the direction as 
shown 2 . 
5. Check the docking status indicator. The docking status indicator turns on when the computer is 
successfully docked. 
Note: If the indicator is off, your computer is not attached to the docking station successfully. To solve 
the problem, detach and reattach the computer. 
6. Turn the system lock key to the locked position (
 ). 
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 29


--- Page 36 ---
Attention: When the computer is attached to a docking station, always hold the whole assembly when you 
need to move your computer. Otherwise, the docking station might drop down.
Detach a docking station
Note: ThinkPad Basic Docking Station does not ship with a system lock installed. If you do not purchase 
and install a system lock, skip step 1 in the following instruction.
1. Turn the system lock key to the unlocked position (
 ). 
2. Slide the latch in the direction as shown 1 to release the computer, and then grasp both sides of the 
computer to remove it 2 . 
Connect multiple external displays
You can connect multiple external displays to a supported docking station. To ensure that the multiple 
displays work correctly, refer to the following table and connect the external displays to the appropriate 
connectors.
30 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 37 ---
Docking station Connectors supporting external displays
ThinkPad Basic Docking Station
DisplayPort
VGA
ThinkPad Pro Docking Station DisplayPort (x2)
ThinkPad Ultra Docking Station
DisplayPort (x2)
HDMI
VGA
Chapter 3 . Explore your computer 31


--- Page 38 ---
32 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 39 ---
Chapter 4. Secure your computer and information
Lock the computer
Lock your computer to a desk, table, or other fixtures through a compatible security cable lock. 
Note: The slot supports cable locks that conform to the Kensington MicroSaver
® 
lock standards (using T- 
bar™ locking technology) or MiniSaver
® 
lock standards (using Cleat™ locking technology). You are 
responsible for evaluating, selecting, and implementing the locking device and security feature. Lenovo is not 
responsible for the locking device and security feature. You can purchase the cable locks at https:// 
smartfind.lenovo.com .
Log in with your fingerprint (for selected models)
Enroll your fingerprints and unlock computer by scanning your fingerprints on the fingerprint reader.
1. Type Sign-in op t ions in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
2. Select the fingerprint setting and then follow the on-screen instruction to enroll your fingerprint. 
Note: It is recommended that you put your finger at the center of the fingerprint reader during 
enrollment and enroll more than one fingerprint in case of any injuries to your fingers. After the 
enrollment, the fingerprints are associated with the Windows password automatically.
3. Log in with your fingerprint.
Associate your fingerprints with UEFI BIOS passwords
You can associate your fingerprints with your power-on password and NVMe password. See “Associate your 
fingerprints with passwords (for selected models)” on page 37 .
Maintenance tips: 
• Do not scratch the surface of the reader with anything hard.
• Do not use or touch the reader with a wet, dirty, wrinkled, or injured finger.
Log in with your face ID (for selected models)
For models come with a webcam privacy shutter, slide the webcam privacy shutter to uncover the camera 
lens before using the Windows Hello face recognition.
Create your face ID and unlock your computer by scanning your face: 
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 33


--- Page 40 ---
1. Type Sign-in op t ions in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
2. Select the face ID setting and then follow the on-screen instruction to create your face ID.
Protect your privacy (for selected models)
Use the ePrivacy screen
Your computer might come with an ePrivacy screen. It can reduce screen visibility from side angles to 
protect screen content against visual hacking. By default, this function is disabled. You can press F12 or Fn 
+D to enable it. You will be prompted by the on-screen icon 
 or 
 every time the function is enabled or 
disabled.
Your ePrivacy screen can be automatically enabled in case that you are required to input passwords. By 
default, this automatic function for passwords is disabled. You can enable it on the Vantage app.
The ePrivacy screen also can work with the preinstalled Glance app to better protect your privacy. For 
details, go to https://support.lenovo.com/us/en/videos/vid500144 .
Set the privacy level
The privacy level of this function varies depending on the screen brightness level, the contrast ratio, and the 
physical environment where you are using this function. 
• Press 
 to increase the privacy level.
• Press 
 to decrease the privacy level.
Protect data against power loss (for selected models)
NVMe (Non-Volatile Memory express) M.2 solid-state drive features the Lenovo-unique PLP (Power Loss 
Protection) function to avoid data loss or damage. If your computer is not responding and you might have to 
shut down your computer by pressing and holding the power button for several seconds. In this case, the 
PLP function enables your computer data to be saved timely. However, there is no guarantee that all data is 
saved in any situation. To check the type of your M.2 solid-state drive: 
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F10 to enter the Lenovo diagnostics 
window.
2. On the TOOLS tab, select SYSTEM INFORMATION ➙ STORAGE using the arrow keys.
3. Locate the Device Type section to check the information.
UEFI BIOS passwords
You can set passwords in UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface) BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) to 
strengthen the security of your computer.
Password types
You can set a power-on password, supervisor password, system management password, or NVMe 
password in UEFI BIOS to prevent unauthorized access to your computer. However, you are not prompted to 
enter any UEFI BIOS password when your computer resumes from sleep mode.
Power-on password
If you set a power-on password, a window is displayed on the screen when you turn on the computer. Enter 
the correct password to use the computer.
34 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 41 ---
Supervisor password
The supervisor password protects the system information stored in UEFI BIOS. When entering the UEFI 
BIOS menu, enter the correct supervisor password in the window prompted. You also can press Enter to 
skip the password prompt. However, you cannot change most of the system configuration options in UEFI 
BIOS.
If you have set both the supervisor password and power-on password, you can use the supervisor password 
to access your computer when you turn it on. The supervisor password overrides the power-on password.
System management password
The system management password can also protect the system information stored in UEFI BIOS like a 
supervisor password, but it has lower authority by default. The system management password can be set 
through the UEFI BIOS menu or through Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) with the Lenovo 
client-management interface.
You can enable the system management password to have the same authority as the supervisor password 
to control security-related features. To customize the authority of the system management password through 
the UEFI BIOS menu: 
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2. Select Security ➙ Password ➙ System Management Password Access Control.
3. Follow the on-screen instructions.
If you have set both the supervisor password and the system management password, the supervisor 
password overrides the system management password. If you have set both the system management 
password and the power-on password, the system management password overrides the power-on 
password.
NVMe passwords
The NVMe password prevents unauthorized access to the data on the storage drive. When an NVMe 
password is set, you are prompted to type a correct password each time you try to access the storage drive. 
• Single Password
When a Single NVMe password is set, the user must enter the user NVMe password to access files and 
applications on the storage drive.
• Dual Password (User + Admin)
The admin NVMe password is set and used by a system administrator. It enables the administrator to 
access any storage drive in a system or any computer connected in the same network. The administrator 
can also assign a user NVMe password for each computer in the network. The user of the computer can 
change the user NVMe password as desired, but only the administrator can remove the user NVMe 
password.
When prompted to enter an NVMe password, press F1 to switch between the admin NVMe password and 
user NVMe password.
Notes: The NVMe password is not available in the following situations: 
• A Trusted Computing Group (TCG) Opal-compliant storage drive and a TCG Opal management software 
program are installed in the computer, and the TCG Opal management software program is activated.
• For Intel models, when an eDrive storage drive is installed in the computer preinstalled with the Windows 
10 operating system.
Chapter 4 . Secure your computer and information 35


--- Page 42 ---
Set, change, and remove a password
Before you start, print these instructions.
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2. Select Security ➙ Password by using the arrow keys.
3. Select the password type. Then, follow the on-screen instructions to set, change, or remove a 
password.
You should record all your passwords and store them in a safe place. If you forget any of your passwords, 
any potential repair actions required are not covered under warranty.
What to do if you forget your power-on password
If you forget your power-on password, do the following to remove the power-on password: 
• If you have set a supervisor password and remember it: 
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, immediately press F1.
2. Type the supervisor password to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
3. Select Security ➙ Password ➙ Power-On Password by using the arrow keys.
4. Type the current supervisor password in the Enter Current Password field. Then, leave the Enter 
New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
5. In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
6. Press F10 to save changes and exit the UEFI BIOS menu.
• If you have not set a supervisor password, contact a Lenovo authorized service provider to have the 
power-on password removed.
What to do if you forget your NVMe password
If you forget your NVMe password (Single password) or both user and admin NVMe passwords (Dual 
password), Lenovo cannot reset your passwords or recover data from the storage drive. You can contact a 
Lenovo authorized service provider to have the storage drive replaced. A fee will be charged for parts and 
service. If the storage drive is a CRU (Customer Replaceable Unit), you can also contact Lenovo to purchase 
a new storage drive to replace the old one by yourself. To check whether the storage drive is a CRU and the 
relevant replacement procedure, see “CRU list” on page 43 .
What to do if you forget your supervisor password
If you forget your supervisor password, there is no service procedure to remove the password. You have to 
contact a Lenovo authorized service provider to have the system board replaced. A fee will be charged for 
parts and service.
What to do if you forget your system management password
If you forget your system management password, do the following to remove the system management 
password: 
• If you have set a supervisor password and remember it: 
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, immediately press F1.
2. Type the supervisor password to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
3. Select Security ➙ Password ➙ System Management Password by using the arrow keys.
4. Type the current supervisor password in the Enter Current Password field. Then, leave the Enter 
New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
5. In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
36 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 43 ---
6. Press F10 to save changes and exit the UEFI BIOS menu.
• If you have not set a supervisor password, contact a Lenovo authorized service provider to have the 
system management password removed.
Associate your fingerprints with passwords (for selected models)
Do the following to associate your fingerprints with the power-on password and NVMe password: 
1. Turn off and then turn on the computer.
2. When prompted, scan your finger on the fingerprint reader.
3. Enter your power-on password, NVMe password, or both as required. The association is established.
When you start the computer again, you can use your fingerprints to log in to the computer without entering 
your Windows password, power-on password, or NVMe password. To change settings, press F1 to enter the 
UEFI BIOS menu, and then select Security ➙ Fingerprint.
Attention: If you always use your fingerprint to log in to the computer, you might forget your passwords. 
Write down your passwords, and keep them in a safe place.
Chapter 4 . Secure your computer and information 37


--- Page 44 ---
38 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 45 ---
Chapter 5. Configure advanced settings
UEFI BIOS
UEFI BIOS is the first program that the computer runs. When the computer turns on, UEFI BIOS performs a 
self test to make sure that various devices in the computer are functioning.
Enter the UEFI BIOS menu
Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
Navigate in the UEFI BIOS interface
You can navigate in the UEFI BIOS interface by pressing the following keys: 
• F1: General Help
• F9: Setup Defaults
• F10: Save and Exit
• F5: Change to a lower value
• F6: Change to a higher value
• ↑↓: Locate an item
• Tab: Select a tab
• Esc: Back / Close dialog
• Enter: Select / Open submenu
Set the system date and time
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1.
2. Select Date/Time and set the system date and time as desired.
3. Press F10 to save changes and exit.
Change the startup sequence
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1.
2. Select Startup ➙ Boot. Then, press Enter. The default device order list is displayed.
Note: No bootable device is displayed if the computer cannot start from any devices or the operating 
system cannot be found.
3. Set the startup sequence as desired.
4. Press F10 to save the changes and exit.
To change the startup sequence temporarily: 
1. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F12.
2. Select the device that you want the computer to start from and press Enter.
Update UEFI BIOS
When you install a new program, device driver, or hardware component, you might need to update UEFI 
BIOS.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 39


--- Page 46 ---
Download and install the latest UEFI BIOS update package by one of the following methods: 
• Open the Vantage app to check the available update packages. If the latest UEFI BIOS update package is 
available, follow the on-screen instructions to download and install the package.
• Go to https://pcsupport.lenovo.com and select the entry for your computer. Then, follow the on-screen 
instructions to download and install the latest UEFI BIOS update package.
Note: During the UEFI BIOS update process, Memory Reference Code (MRC) change might cause memory 
retraining. Memory retraining is a process to initialize the memory module and run diagnostic tests for the 
memory module in your computer. When memory retraining occurs, the screen can’t display the progress 
information and might be blank. You might see the LED indicators on ESC, F1, and F4 blinking sequentially 
to indicate the progress. Do not press the power button to interrupt the process. Wait a few minutes until the 
logo screen is displayed.
To know more about UEFI BIOS, visit Knowledge Base of your computer at https://pcsupport.lenovo.com .
Install a Windows operating system and drivers
This section provides instructions on installing a Windows operating system and device drivers.
Install a Windows operating system
Microsoft constantly makes updates to the Windows operating system. Before installing a particular 
Windows version, check the compatibility list for the Windows version. For details, go to https:// 
support.lenovo.com/us/en/solutions/windows-support .
Attention: 
• It is recommended that you update your operating system through official channels. Any unofficial update 
might cause security risks.
• The process of installing a new operating system deletes all the data on your internal storage drive, 
including the data stored in a hidden folder.
1. If you are using the Windows BitLocker
® 
Drive Encryption feature and your computer has a Trusted 
Platform Module, ensure that you have disabled the feature.
2. Ensure that the security chip is set to Active. 
a. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
b. Select Security ➙ Security Chip and press Enter. The Security Chip submenu opens.
c. Ensure that the security chip for TPM 2.0 is set to Active.
d. Press F10 to save the settings and exit.
3. Connect the drive that contains the operating system installation program to the computer.
4. Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
5. Select Startup ➙ Boot to display the Boot Priority Order submenu.
6. Select the drive that contains the operating system installation program, for example, USB HDD. Then, 
press Esc.
Attention: After you change the startup sequence, ensure that you select the correct device during a 
copy, a save, or a format operation. If you select the wrong device, the data on that device might be 
erased or overwritten.
7. Select Restart and ensure that OS Optimized Defaults is enabled. Then, press F10 to save the settings 
and exit.
8. Follow the on-screen instructions to install the device drivers and necessary programs.
40 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 47 ---
9. After installing the device drivers, apply Windows Update to get the latest updates, for example the 
security patches.
Install device drivers
You should download the latest driver for a component when you notice poor performance from that 
component or when you added a component. This action might eliminate the driver as the potential cause of 
a problem. Download and install the latest driver by one of the following methods: 
• Open the Vantage app to check the available update packages. Select the update packages you want, 
and then follow the on-screen instructions to download and install the packages.
• Go to https://pcsupport.lenovo.com and select the entry for your computer. Then, follow the on-screen 
instructions to download and install necessary drivers and software.
Chapter 5 . Configure advanced settings 41


--- Page 48 ---
42 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 49 ---
Chapter 6. CRU replacement
Customer Replaceable Units (CRUs) are parts that can be upgraded or replaced by the customer. The 
computers contain the following types of CRUs: 
• Self-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be installed or replaced easily by customer themselves or by 
trained service technicians at an additional cost.
• Optional-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be installed or replaced by customers with a greater skill 
level. Trained service technicians can also provide service to install or replace the parts under the type of 
warranty designated for the customer’s machine.
If you intend on installing a CRU, Lenovo will ship the CRU to you. CRU information and replacement 
instructions are shipped with your product and are available from Lenovo at any time upon request. You 
might be required to return the defective part that is replaced by the CRU. When return is required: (1) return 
instructions, a prepaid shipping label, and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; and (2) you 
might be charged for the replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective CRU within thirty (30) 
days of your receipt of the replacement CRU. For full details, see the Lenovo Limited Warranty 
documentation at https://www.lenovo.com/warranty/llw_02 .
CRU list
The following is a list of CRUs of your computer.
Self-service CRUs
• ac power adapter
• Base cover assembly
• M.2 solid-state drive
• M.2 solid-state drive bracket*
• Nano-SIM-card tray*
• Power cord
Optional-service CRUs
• Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board
• Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board bracket
• Keyboard
• Memory module*
• Speaker assembly
• Wireless WAN card*
* for selected models
Note: Replacement of any parts not listed above, including the built-in rechargeable battery, must be done 
by a Lenovo-authorized repair facility or technician. Go to https://support.lenovo.com/partnerlocator for more 
information.
Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery
Before replacing any CRU, ensure that you disable Fast Startup first and then disable the built-in battery.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 43


--- Page 50 ---
To disable Fast Startup: 
1. Go to Control Panel and view by Large icons or Small icons.
2. Click Power Options, and then click Choose what the power buttons do on the left pane.
3. Click Change settings that are currently unavailable at the top.
4. If prompted by User Account Control (UAC), click Yes.
5. Clear the Turn on fast startup check box, and then click Save changes.
To disable the built-in battery: 
1. Restart your computer. When the logo screen is displayed, immediately press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS 
menu.
2. Select Config ➙ Power. The Power submenu is displayed.
3. Select Disable Built-in Battery and press Enter.
4. Select Yes in the Setup Confirmation window. The built-in battery is disabled and the computer turns off 
automatically. Wait three to five minutes to let the computer cool.
Replace a CRU
Follow the replacement procedure to replace a CRU.
Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
Note: Do not remove the base cover assembly when your computer is connected to ac power. Otherwise, 
there might be a risk of short circuits.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display. 
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Turn over the computer.
44 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 51 ---
Removal procedure
Installation procedure
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 45


--- Page 52 ---
Troubleshooting
If the computer does not start up after you reinstall the base cover assembly, disconnect the ac power 
adapter and then reconnect it to the computer.
Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
Note: Do not remove the base cover assembly when your computer is connected to ac power. Otherwise, 
there might be a risk of short circuits.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display.
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Turn over the computer.
46 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 53 ---
Removal procedure
Installation procedure
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 47


--- Page 54 ---
Troubleshooting
If the computer does not start up after you reinstall the base cover assembly, disconnect the ac power 
adapter and then reconnect it to the computer.
Memory module (for selected models)
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
Attention: Do not touch the contact edge of the memory module. Otherwise, the memory module might get 
damaged.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display.
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Remove the base cover assembly. See “Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)” on page 44
or “Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)” on page 46 .
48 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 55 ---
Removal procedure
Installation procedure
M.2 solid-state drive
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
Attention: If you replace a M.2 solid-state drive, you might need to install a new operating system. For 
details on how to install a new operating system, see “Install a Windows operating system and drivers” on 
page 40 .
The M.2 solid-state drive is sensitive. Inappropriate handling might cause damage and permanent loss of 
data.
When handling the M.2 solid-state drive, observe the following guidelines: 
• Replace the M.2 solid-state drive only for upgrade or repair. The M.2 solid-state drive is not designed for 
frequent changes or replacement.
• Before replacing the M.2 solid-state drive, make a backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
• Do not apply pressure to the M.2 solid-state drive.
• Do not touch the contact edge or circuit board of the M.2 solid-state drive. Otherwise the M.2 solid-state 
drive might get damaged.
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 49


--- Page 56 ---
• Do not make the M.2 solid-state drive subject to physical shocks or vibration. Put the M.2 solid-state drive 
on a soft material, such as cloth, to absorb physical shocks.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display.
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Remove the base cover assembly. See “Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)” on page 44
or “Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)” on page 46 .
Removal procedure of the long M.2 solid-state drive
Note: A Mylar film might cover the M.2 solid-state drive. To access the M.2 solid-state drive, open the film 
first.
Removal procedure of the short M.2 solid-state drive
Note: A Mylar film might cover the M.2 solid-state drive. To access the M.2 solid-state drive, open the film 
first.
50 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 57 ---
Wireless WAN card (for selected models)
The following information is only for the computer with user-installable modules. Ensure that you use only a 
Lenovo-authorized wireless module specifically tested for this computer model. Otherwise, the computer will 
generate an error-code beep sequence when you turn on the computer.
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
Attention: Do not touch the contact edge of the wireless WAN card. Otherwise the wireless WAN card might 
get damaged.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display. 
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Remove the base cover assembly. See “Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)” on page 44
or “Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)” on page 46 .
Removal procedure of the wireless WAN card with two antenna cables
Note: A Mylar film might cover the wireless WAN card. To access the wireless WAN card, open the film first.
Note: After installation, ensure that you connect the orange cable to the connector labeled Orange on the 
card, and the blue cable to the connector labeled Blue.
Removal procedure of the wireless WAN card with four antenna cables (for selected Intel models)
Note: A Mylar film might cover the wireless WAN card. To access the wireless WAN card, open the film first.
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 51


--- Page 58 ---
Note: After installation, ensure that you connect the orange cable to the connector labeled Orange on the 
card, the blue cable to the connector labeled Blue, the white and grey cable to the M1 connector, and the 
black and grey cable to the M2 connector.
Speaker assembly
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display.
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Remove the base cover assembly. See “Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)” on page 44
or “Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)” on page 46 .
Removal procedure
52 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 59 ---
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board and bracket
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables. Then, 
close the computer display.
3. Remove the nano-SIM-card tray if your computer comes with one. See “Connect to a cellular network 
(for selected models)” on page 9 .
4. Remove the base cover assembly. See “Base cover assembly (T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2)” on page 44
or “Base cover assembly (T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2)” on page 46 .
Removal procedure
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 53


--- Page 60 ---
Keyboard
Prerequisite
Before you start, read Generic Safety and Compliance Notices and print the following instructions.
For access, do the following: 
1. Disable the built-in battery. See “Disable Fast Startup and the built-in battery” on page 43 .
2. Turn off the computer and disconnect the computer from ac power and all connected cables.
Notes: 
• You might be instructed to slide the keyboard frame forward or backward in some of the following steps. 
In this case, ensure that you do not press or hold the keys while sliding the keyboard frame. Otherwise, 
the keyboard frame cannot be moved.
• Your keyboard might look different from the illustrations in this topic. 
Removal procedure
1. For T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2, loosen the screw that secures the keyboard. 
54 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 61 ---
2. Take the tool out of the new keyboard packaging. Insert the tabs a and b into the slot between the 
TrackPoint buttons and the trackpad 1 . Slightly pivot the tool downward 2 to release the left and right 
TrackPoint buttons. Then, remove the two Trackpoint buttons 3 . 
3. Loosen the screws that secure the keyboard. 
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 55


--- Page 62 ---
4. Insert the tabs c and d into the two dents near the two screw heads as shown. 
5. Pivot the tool in the direction as shown to release the keyboard 1 . Push the keyboard in the direction as 
shown by arrows 2 to release the latches from the keyboard bezel. 
6. Pivot the keyboard slightly upward as shown by arrow 1 . Then, turn over the keyboard as shown by 
arrow 2 . 
56 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 63 ---
7. Put the keyboard on the palm rest as shown and detach the connectors. Then, remove the keyboard. 
Installation procedure
1. Attach the connectors and turn over the keyboard as shown. 
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 57


--- Page 64 ---
2. Insert the keyboard into the keyboard bezel as shown. Ensure that the top edge of the keyboard (the 
edge that is close to the display) is under the keyboard bezel. 
3. Slide the keyboard in the direction as shown by the arrows. Ensure that the latches are secured under 
the keyboard frame. 
58 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 65 ---
4. Tighten the screws to secure the keyboard. 
5. Take the new TrackPoint buttons out of the new keyboard packaging. Install the TrackPoint buttons as 
shown. 
Chapter 6 . CRU replacement 59


--- Page 66 ---
6. For T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2, tighten the screw that secures the keyboard.  
7. Connect the ac power adapter and all disconnected cables to the computer.
60 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 67 ---
Chapter 7. Help and support
Frequently asked questions
Question Solution
How do I access Control Panel?
Type Cont rol P an el in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
How do I turn off my computer?
Open the Start menu and click 
 Power. Then, click Shut down.
How do I partition my storage 
drive?
https://support.lenovo.com/solutions/ht503851
What do I do if my computer 
stops responding.
1. Press and hold the power button until the computer turns off. Then, restart 
the computer.
2. If step 1 does not work: 
• For models with an emergency reset hole: Insert a straightened paper clip 
into the emergency reset hole to cut off power supply temporarily. Then, 
restart the computer with ac power connected.
• For models without an emergency reset hole: 
– For models with the removable battery, remove the removable battery 
and disconnect all power sources. Then, reconnect to ac power and 
restart the computer.
– For models with the built-in battery, disconnect all power sources. 
Press and hold the power button for about seven seconds. Then, 
reconnect to ac power and restart the computer.
What do I do if I spill liquid on the 
computer?
1. Carefully unplug the ac power adapter and turn off the computer immediately. 
The more quickly you stop the current from passing through the computer the 
more likely you will reduce damage from short circuits.  
Attention: Although you might lose some data or work by turning off the 
computer immediately, leaving the computer on might make your computer 
unusable.
2. Do not try to drain out the liquid by turning over the computer. If your 
computer has keyboard drainage holes on the bottom, the liquid will be 
drained out through the holes.
3. Wait until you are certain that all the liquid is dry before turning on your 
computer. 
How do I enter the UEFI BIOS 
menu?
Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F1 to enter the 
UEFI BIOS menu.
Where can I get the latest device 
drivers and UEFI BIOS?
• From the Vantage app. See “Install a Windows operating system and drivers” 
on page 40 , and . “Update UEFI BIOS” on page 39
• Download from Lenovo Support Web site at https://pcsupport.lenovo.com .
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 61


--- Page 68 ---
Error messages
If you see a message that is not included in the following table, record the error message first, then shut 
down the computer and call Lenovo for help. See “Lenovo Customer Support Center” on page 67 .
Message
Solution
0190: Critical low-battery error
The computer turned off because the battery power is low. Connect the ac power 
adapter to the computer and charge the batteries.
0191: System Security - Invalid 
remote change requested
The system configuration change has failed. Confirm the operation and try again. 
0199: System Security - Security 
password retry count exceeded.
This message is displayed when you enter a wrong supervisor password more 
than three times. Confirm the supervisor password and try again. 
0271: Check Date and Time 
settings.
The date or the time is not set in the computer. Enter the UEFI BIOS menu and set 
the date and time.
210x/211x: Detection/Read error 
on HDDx/SSDx
The storage drive is not working. Reinstall the storage drive. If the problem still 
exists, replace the storage drive.
Error: The non-volatile system 
UEFI variable storage is nearly 
full.
Note: 
This error indicates that the operating system or programs cannot create, modify, 
or delete data in the non-volatile system UEFI variable storage due to insufficient 
storage space after POST. 
The non-volatile system UEFI variable storage is used by the UEFI BIOS and by 
the operating system or programs. This error occurs when the operating system 
or programs store large amounts of data in the variable storage. All data needed 
for POST, such as UEFI BIOS setup settings, chipset, or platform configuration 
data, are stored in a separate UEFI variable storage.
Press F1 after the error message is displayed to enter the UEFI BIOS menu. A 
dialog asks for confirmation to clean up the storage. If you select “Yes”, all data 
that were created by the operating system or programs will be deleted except 
global variables defined by the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface 
Specification. If you select “No”, all data will be kept, but the operating system or 
programs will not be able to create, modify, or delete data in the storage.
If this error happens at a service center, Lenovo authorized service personnel will 
clean up the non-volatile system UEFI variable storage using the preceding 
solution. 
Fan error. Press ESC to startup 
with limited performance.
The thermal fan might not work correctly. After the error message is displayed, 
press ESC within five seconds to start up the computer with limited performance. 
Otherwise, the computer will shut down immediately. If the problem still exists 
when you starts up next time, have your computer serviced. 
62 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 69 ---
Beep errors
Lenovo SmartBeep technology enables you to decode beep errors with your smartphone when a black 
screen occurs with beeps from your computer. To decode the beep error with Lenovo SmartBeep 
technology: 
1. Go to https://support.lenovo.com/smartbeep or scan the following QR Code. 
2. Download the proper diagnostic app and install it on your smartphone.
3. Run the diagnostic app and place the smartphone near the computer. 
4. Press Fn on your computer to emit the beep again. The diagnostic app decodes the beep error and 
shows possible solutions on the smartphone. 
Note: Do not attempt to service a product yourself unless instructed to do so by the Customer Support 
Center or product documentation. Only use a Lenovo-authorized service provider to repair your product. 
Chapter 7 . Help and support 63


--- Page 70 ---
Self-help resources
Use the following self-help resources to learn more about the computer and troubleshoot problems.
Resources How to access?
Troubleshooting and FAQ
• https://www.lenovo.com/tips
• https://forums.lenovo.com
Accessibility information https://www.lenovo.com/accessibility
Reset or restore Windows
• Use Lenovo recovery options. 
1. Go to https://support.lenovo.com/ 
HowToCreateLenovoRecovery .
2. Follow the on-screen instructions.
• Use Windows recovery options. 
1. Go to https://pcsupport.lenovo.com .
2. Detect your computer or manually select your 
computer model.
3. Navigate to the troubleshooting menu to diagnose 
the operating system for recovery instructions.
Use the Vantage app to: 
• Configure device settings.
• Download and install UEFI BIOS, drivers, and firmware 
updates.
• Secure your computer from outside threats.
• Diagnose hardware problems.
• Check the computer warranty status.
• Access User Guide and helpful articles.
Note: The available features vary depending on the 
computer model.
Type Vant age in the Windows search box and then press 
Enter.
Product documentation: 
• Safety and Warranty Guide
• Generic Safety and Compliance Notices
• Setup Guide
• This User Guide
• Regulatory Notice
Go to https://pcsupport.lenovo.com . Then, follow the on- 
screen instructions to filter out the documentation you 
want.
64 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 71 ---
Resources How to access?
Lenovo Support Web site with the latest support 
information of the following: 
• Drivers and software
• Diagnostic solutions
• Product and service warranty
• Product and parts details
• Knowledge base and frequently asked questions
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com
Windows help information
• Open the Start menu and click Get Help or Tips.
• Use Windows Search or the Cortana
® 
personal 
assistant.
• Microsoft support Web site: https:// 
support.microsoft.com
Windows label
Your computer might have a Windows Genuine Microsoft label affixed to its cover depending on the 
following factors: 
• Your geographic location
• Edition of Windows that is preinstalled
Go to https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/howtotell/Hardware.aspx for illustrations of the various types of 
Genuine Microsoft labels. 
• In the People’s Republic of China, the Genuine Microsoft label is required on all computer models 
preinstalled with any edition of the Windows operating system.
• In other countries and regions, the Genuine Microsoft label is required only on computer models licensed 
for Windows Pro editions.
The absence of a Genuine Microsoft label does not indicate that the preinstalled Windows version is not 
genuine. For details on how to tell whether your preinstalled Windows product is genuine, refer to the 
information provided by Microsoft at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/howtotell/default.aspx .
There are no external, visual indicators of the Product ID or Windows version for which the computer is 
licensed. Instead, the Product ID is recorded in the computer firmware. Whenever a Windows product is 
installed, the installation program checks the computer firmware for a valid, matching Product ID to complete 
the activation.
In some cases, an earlier Windows version might be preinstalled under the terms of the Windows Pro edition 
license downgrade rights.
Call Lenovo
If you have tried to correct the problem yourself and still need help, you can call Lenovo Customer Support 
Center.
Before you contact Lenovo
Prepare the following before you contact Lenovo: 
1. Record the problem symptoms and details: 
Chapter 7 . Help and support 65


--- Page 72 ---
• What is the problem? Is it continuous or intermittent?
• Any error message or error code?
• What operating system are you using? Which version?
• Which software applications were running at the time of the problem?
• Can the problem be reproduced? If so, how?
2. Record the system information: 
• Product name
• Machine type and serial number
The following illustration shows where to find the machine type and serial number of your computer. 
– T14 Gen 2 and P14s Gen 2 
– T15 Gen 2 and P15s Gen 2 
66 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 73 ---
Lenovo Customer Support Center
During the warranty period, you can call Lenovo Customer Support Center for help. 
Telephone numbers
For a list of the Lenovo Support phone numbers for your country or region, go to https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist for the latest phone numbers.
Note: Phone numbers are subject to change without notice. If the number for your country or region is not 
provided, contact your Lenovo reseller or Lenovo marketing representative.
Services available during the warranty period
• Problem determination - Trained personnel are available to assist you with determining if you have a 
hardware problem and deciding what action is necessary to fix the problem.
• Lenovo hardware repair - If the problem is determined to be caused by Lenovo hardware under warranty, 
trained service personnel are available to provide the applicable level of service.
• Engineering change management - Occasionally, there might be changes that are required after a product 
has been sold. Lenovo or your reseller, if authorized by Lenovo, will make selected Engineering Changes 
(ECs) that apply to your hardware available.
Services not covered
• Replacement or use of parts not manufactured for or by Lenovo or nonwarranted parts
• Identification of software problem sources
• Configuration of UEFI BIOS as part of an installation or upgrade
• Changes, modifications, or upgrades to device drivers
• Installation and maintenance of network operating systems (NOS)
• Installation and maintenance of programs
For the terms and conditions of the Lenovo Limited Warranty that apply to your Lenovo hardware product, 
go to:
• https://www.lenovo.com/warranty/llw_02
• https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/warrantylookup
Purchase additional services
During and after the warranty period, you can purchase additional services from Lenovo at https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com/warrantyupgrade .
Service availability and service name might vary by country or region.
Chapter 7 . Help and support 67


--- Page 74 ---
68 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 75 ---
Appendix A. Compliance information
For compliance information, refer to Regulatory Notice at https://pcsupport.lenovo.com and Generic Safety 
and Compliance Notices at https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/docs/generic_notices .
Certification-related information
Product name Compliance ID Machine types
• ThinkPad T14 Gen 2
• ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 LTE1
2
• ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 LTE2
2
• ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 AMD
2
• ThinkPad T14 Gen 2 LTE 
AMD
2
• ThinkPad P14s Gen 2
• ThinkPad P14s Gen 2 LTE2
2
• ThinkPad P14s Gen 2 AMD
2
• Intel models:
– TP00103J
– TP00103J0
3
– TP00103J1
3
– TP00103J2
3
– TP00103J3
3
– TP00103J4
3
– TP00103J5
3
– TP00103J6
3
• AMD models:
– TP00103K
– TP00103K0
3
– TP00103K1
3
– TP00103K2
3
– TP00103L
– TP00103L0
3
– TP00103L1
3
– TP00103L2
3
• Intel models:
– ThinkPad T14 Gen 2: 20W0 and 20W1
– ThinkPad P14s Gen 2: 20VX and 20VY
• AMD models:
– ThinkPad T14 Gen 2: 20XK and 20XL
– ThinkPad P14s Gen 2: 21A0 and 21A1
• ThinkPad T15 Gen 2
• ThinkPad T15 Gen 2 LTE1
2
• ThinkPad P15s Gen 2
• TP00104E
• TP00104E0
3
• TP00104E1
3
• TP00104E2
3
• TP00104E3
3
• TP00104E4
3
• ThinkPad T15 Gen 2: 20W4 and 20W5
• ThinkPad P15s Gen 2: 20W6 and 20W7
2 
for mainland China only
3 
for India only
Locate the UltraConnect wireless antennas
Your computer has an UltraConnect™ wireless antenna system. You can enable wireless communication 
wherever you are.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 69


--- Page 76 ---
The following illustration shows the antenna locations on your computer: 
1. Wireless-LAN antenna (main)
2. Wireless-WAN antenna (main, for selected models)
3. Wireless-WAN antenna (auxiliary, for selected models)
4. Wireless-LAN antenna (auxiliary)
5. 4x4 MIMO Wireless-WAN antenna (auxiliary, for selected Intel models)
6. 4x4 MIMO Wireless-WAN antenna (main, for selected Intel models)
Operating environment
Maximum altitude (without pressurization)
3048 m (10 000 ft)
Temperature
• Operating: 5°C to 35°C (41°F to 95°F)
• Storage and transportation in original shipping packaging: -20°C to 60°C (-4°F to 140°F)
• Storage without packaging: 5°C to 43°C (41°F to 109°F)
Note: When you charge the battery, its temperature must be no lower than 10°C (50°F).
70 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 77 ---
Relative humidity
• Operating: 8% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 23°C (73°F)
• Storage and transportation: 5% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 27°C (81°F)
Appendix A. Compliance information 71


--- Page 78 ---
72 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide


--- Page 79 ---
Appendix B. Notices and trademarks
Notices
Lenovo may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in all countries. Consult 
your local Lenovo representative for information on the products and services currently available in your 
area. Any reference to a Lenovo product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that 
Lenovo product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service 
that does not infringe any Lenovo intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the user's 
responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any other product, program, or service.
Lenovo may have patents or pending patent programs covering subject matter described in this document. 
The furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents. You can send license 
inquiries, in writing, to:  
Lenovo (United States), Inc. 
8001 Development Drive
Morrisville, NC 27560
U.S.A.
Attention: Lenovo Director of Licensing
LENOVO PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow 
disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to 
you.
Changes are made periodically to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions 
of the publication. To provide better service, Lenovo reserves the right to improve and/or modify the 
products and software programs described in the manuals included with your computer, and the content of 
the manual, at any time without additional notice.
The software interface and function and hardware configuration described in the manuals included with your 
computer might not match exactly the actual configuration of the computer that you purchase. For the 
configuration of the product, refer to the related contract (if any) or product packing list, or consult the 
distributor for the product sales. Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it 
believes appropriate without incurring any obligation to you.
The products described in this document are not intended for use in implantation or other life support 
applications where malfunction may result in injury or death to persons. The information contained in this 
document does not affect or change Lenovo product specifications or warranties. Nothing in this document 
shall operate as an express or implied license or indemnity under the intellectual property rights of Lenovo or 
third parties. All information contained in this document was obtained in specific environments and is 
presented as an illustration. The result obtained in other operating environments may vary.
Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate without 
incurring any obligation to you.
Any references in this publication to non-Lenovo Web sites are provided for convenience only and do not in 
any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the 
materials for this Lenovo product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021, 2022 73


--- Page 80 ---
Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled environment. Therefore, the result 
obtained in other operating environments may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made 
on development-level systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be the same on 
generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements may have been estimated through 
extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for their 
specific environment.
This document is copyrighted by Lenovo and is not covered by any open source license, including any 
Linux
® 
agreement(s) which may accompany software included with this product. Lenovo may update this 
document at any time without notice.
For the latest information or any questions or comments, contact or visit the Lenovo Web site:
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com
Trademarks
LENOVO, LENOVO logo, THINKPAD, THINKPAD logo, TRACKPOINT, and ULTRACONNECT are trademarks 
of Lenovo. Intel and Thunderbolt are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or 
other countries. Linux is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. 
Microsoft, Microsoft Teams, Windows, BitLocker, and Cortana are trademarks of the Microsoft group of 
companies. DisplayPort is a trademark of the Video Electronics Standards Association. NVIDIA is a 
registered trademark of NVIDIA Corporation. The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface 
are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries. 
USB-C is a registered trademark of USB Implementers Forum. Wi-Fi and Miracast are registered trademarks 
of Wi-Fi Alliance. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
74 T14 Gen 2, T15 Gen 2, P14s Gen 2, and P15s Gen 2 User Guide